Feedbakc on my boss that I need to provide for review - 

Pros : 
- Good with presentation on document control 
- Questions working methods in a good way  

Cons : 
- 

Objective 1 - Overall approach
Month 1 - The meeting with functional leads take place, however we receive very little feedback from these meetings. We revived feedback from Operations Director meeting recently but this has been the only time over recent months. Unless actions for continuous improvement are coming from these then what value do they currently hold. I would like to receive feedback on actions and what support they require from the HSE team so we can work on this 


Site visibility - Attended initial walkdowns in Jan / Feb. On site once a month with Pearce or Vincent. 
30 day review of finidngs - Discussed Warehouse and ladder problems. Had good conversations about the problems, however No solutions or plans have been presented.

EHS Culture improvement plan, safety week, KPI improvement - Not been discussed 

Strategy 
Big bets delivered on time for Q1, however no direction for Q2. A plan hasn't been put in place or if it has it has been communicated clearly. No discussion about mentorship programs or implementing champions.

Review of systems & tools - I don't think this has been done. I don't think PowerBI or any systems are used only if we are on a call or myself and the IMS Manager is present. 

New T&Cs document was completed and support was given on layout and content to include which was good.


Overall 
No clear direction - I do my day to day job and worked to achieve the big bets, but no clear plan in place for Q2 and how can improve
Tools & systems - Not used and any review work lands on the team 
Not hands on - Any feedback on documents comes back with comments even if it is a two minute fix always for us to fix. However, I believe this is because he dienst know how to use the system and tools and wouldn't know where to find the info. Weekly slide feedback given in bulk late in the working day when meetings are taken place the next day. This has happened on both week 1 & 2 which impacts content. 1st week I was at HSE event and I couldn't amend the slides, so nothing got done with the comments he made. This should have been updated by him. 

Comes across well in meetings and talks well can control a meeting if it is going in the wrong direction. 

Meetings 
4 month quarterly - Every slide was circle back notes from previous meetings. Included incorrect information and facts. Is this a useful day? 
A lot of meetings have taken place this year on multiple subjects but not much happens. Unless the team produce the work, I don't see any work coming through. Stop works policy was discussed at the start of the year and yet still to see a draft. 



